There is no need to pay attention to adults in the rural areas under my command
You have worked hard for me in the border Yuncheng these years
You have something to worry about in your rural area
Adults have been living in three He Shouxia next week
For more than many years
Although Mu is busy, you have recently refined your martial arts and wealth
It is now the Valkyrie of Wealth
I just don't know if you were successfully promoted.
The way of Tianjun
These years
I never seem to be promoted to the path of Tianjun
But to no avail
However, recently I have observed
Asian Su family still has roots gathering
Blinding the sun
So it seems that the opportunity to advance to Tianjun
Here it is.
The dark clouds and the sun are also unpredictable
The lord is in the Su family this time
It must be a big storm
Even if it is Longtan Tiger's Den this time
I'm afraid I can't escape
The subordinates are always waiting for adults to hang their feet
I have made five crazy and five emperors
Zhencai Hou went to fight Qianzhai
However, the strength of the three of them
Still can't compare to you
This time, the Su family is still happy without your help.
Adults are so grateful to the underwater
This time the adult entered the Su family
I will do my best.
Help adults
The Way of Early Entry into Heaven